all right first recent thing I did to
this bike does it last night to
something godly other than one put these
little clusters of super-bright LEDs on
the crash bars on both sides and I don't
you realize just how bright they
actually are when I was testing it out
last night I really video I'll see how
it turns out and when I'm making the
video the last night and the garage with
just those on us quite quite able to see
everything around me is quite amazing
and then draw like sort of you know Two
and a Half watts or something like that
so yeah it's great and I rigged up a
little switch for them here so I'm on
and off and that's the power comes to
this from the headlight I don't want to
actually attack the wiring underneath
the tank because it looks pretty archaic
and pretty difficult as well that's I
couldn't figure any of it out so I just
connected my positive power wire for
these little lights enter the pilot lamp
and in the headlight hear the pilot
lamps positive as well so wherever the
pilot lights on these lights will go but
in the key off this goes off so does my
lights so just for safety six I forget
then leave things on all the time so
that's the switch for the wares to
switch for the LED lights on the front
this is the power switch here that
controls the power that goes into the
for the camera when i plug it in switch
it on green light you can see that area
green lights on powers on switch it off
rear lights off guard off again good
flakes I keep forgetting thanks I want
to sort of drain the battery
accidentally because when I switched at
all mr. transform or under here and
which converts so it's 4.5 volts a good
camera runs off the power cable is up
here animal instead of tuck it away up
there when I'm not using it and I mount
the camera up here on its clamp
this plugs into the bottom and how
crystal we're away gorgeous I wouldn't
have a show you how much of these lights
because you see in the daytime let's
turn them on there we go so the
differently sort of visible even in a
daytime and but at night they're quite
ridiculous quiet